
unalocated population: it is now kept in the disseminated data. For GPKG, features without geometries with id=cc_unallocated

added a new column called 'cntr_id' with reporting countries

value set to -8888 when not available because confidential and to -9999 when not available, for other reasons

Issue with land_area.
one value reported for each stat value, while it should be sufficient to report it once
wrong model. land_area should have been considered as a 'stat' value.

For pixels shared between countries, it is assumed each country reports the land_area of its part of the cell. The sum of the land area contributions from the countries sharing a cell should thus in theory remain equal or below 1.
But when summing these contributions, many shared cells result in values above 1. In such case, the land-surface value is ceiled to 1.

cell_id: no need for CC_ before grid_id

EL reported confidential value (column SPECIAL_VALUE) as "notApplicable" while other country leave it blank.

script runs in around 10 minutes.

cases of values provided for confidential flag: LU, SK (other ?)
in such case, value not disseminated. Maybe it could and the confidential value is a mistake (for LU (high values) but not for SK).


issues that could be detected previously:
- data on unalocated cells


POPULATED attribute is problematic in input data. Should be O or 1. Sometimes decimal. Sometimes not compliant with the rules:
            # data items on total population with an observed value other than ‘0’ shall be marked with the flag ‘populated’;
            # and (c) data items on total population with an observed value ‘0’ shall not be marked with the flag ‘populated’. 
            # The flag ‘populated’ shall be applicable only to ‘total population’
Rule chosen: provided value ignored and set to 1 as soon as an observed value is positive or confidential


remaining issues:
in the cat sum only (due to NDC)
and EMP>T



Compare both GPKG files.

There are 183 cells that are described in country data that have been lost in V2
11 are for non allocated data for FR, IT, FI, BG, EL, SE, DK, NO, BE, LV, LU, SI
The others are 0 population cells in DE, DK, EL, NL, PL, PT

